(SUP-3709) - Indicator Exclusion using code manager and Hiera lookup (#205)
puppetlabs/puppetlabs-pe_status_check: README.md

    - [Fact: pe_status_check](#fact-pe_status_check)
    - [Fact: agent_status_check](#fact-agent_status_check)
  - [How to report an issue or contribute to the module](#how-to-report-an-issue-or-contribute-to-the-module)

> - [Supporting Content](#supporting-content)ol

Reviewer: you have a stray few characters here

Author: My bad

    data_hash: yaml_data
```

See the following [documentation](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/hiera.html#outside-apply-blocks) for further explanation.

> #### Using indictor_exclusion with a code manager and hiera.yaml

Reviewer: Using Static Hiera data to populate indictor_exclusions when executing the plans

Author: Replacing the title now

> To utilize the indicator_exclusions with a code manager, place the plan_hierarchy listed in the step above, placing it in the root level [hiera.yaml](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/hiera_config_yaml_5.html) file.

Reviewer: Phrasing change needed
You are not using it with code manager you are using hiera within the plan,  its the environment layer of hiera not root, and you should link to https://www.puppet.com/docs/pe/2023.4/writing_plans_in_puppet_language_pe.html#using_hiera_with_plans

> To utilize the indicator_exclusions using hiera within the plan, place the plan_hierarchy listed in the step above the environment layer (https://www.puppet.com/docs/pe/2023.4/writing_plans_in_puppet_language_pe.html#using_hiera_with_plans)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place the plan_hierarchy listed in the step above, in the environment layer (https://www.puppet.com/docs/pe/latest/writing_plans_in_puppet_language_pe.html#using_hiera_with_plans)
```

> Following this create a [static.yaml] file within the code manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a [static.yaml] file in the environment layer hiera data directory```

> Following this create a [static.yaml] file within the code manager data folder `CODE_MANAGER/data/static.yaml`

Reviewer: dont specify the folder, people can place their data structures anywhere

```yaml
pe_status_check::indicator_exclusions:                                             
  - '<TEST ID>'                                                                
``` 

> This will allow you to exclude tests from `pe_status_check::infra_summary` and `pe_status_check::agent_summary` within the PE Console planning

Reviewer: This sentence needs some work,

indicator ids in this array will be excluded when running the plans  `pe_status_check::infra_summary` and `pe_status_check::agent_summary`

something like that

> Following this, Indicator ID's within lookup array will be excluded when `running pe_status_check::infra_summary` and `pe_status_check::agent_summary` p

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicator ID's within array will be excluded when `running pe_status_check::infra_summary` and `pe_status_check::agent_summary` p
```
